Devotion to the Buddha, Dhammasanga, and the Master, in their prisons, in their blessings,
we perform again the Vajrasattva. Practicing this morning with the P훮y훮 P큰y훮 or the Gymsakh,
in the afternoon we do practice then in Regakalaya. And thinking of all that is upcoming,
all this New Year will be one of the very beautiful, bright New Year's, any negative
videos or the residues of the past will be completely cleansed, purified, burned, and
pacified by the power and the blessings of the Vajrasattva, in Regakalaya, in Gharapayama
Sambo, and the Ninja Master. With those beautiful intentions told, we set forward our beautiful
New Year, the upcoming or this current New Year, and move forward. So again, wish and
fulfil all our beautiful bodhicata activities that inspire, and are beautiful, and benefit
to ourselves, and that will inspire, and benefit, and be beautiful for all beings. But thinking of
every beautiful intention taught, bring up that on the surface, and from the bottom to the surface,
and then we practice as a teaching, as we follow this beautiful instruction, which is again
great teachings of the of course in Gharapayama Sambo, and a great Master then
Tertung, Girmi, Dorju, all the men in Tertung, the famous Tertung, his teaching. And since he
gave this teaching, every great those new masters practice, and as well as Kajim, they practice. So
that means everyone really blessed this, one after another, throughout the generations, until now.
So they were following the voice of love and a wisdom comparison, and their bright light,
and their footsteps. So it's wonderful, it's joyous. One of the beautiful event to start
to our new year. So again, this strength and joy in appreciation, every reason we should
ignite that call, let us quote. And so those all the teachings, as you know, and again I'm just
reminding, and now we practice. And once again, happy new year, everyone. Thank you.